+++
title = "2018-11 MD Data Sharing"
date = 2018-12-03T10:28:44-05:00  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-12-03
# time_end = 2018-12-03T10:28:44-05:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Daniel G. A. Smith"]

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "BioExcel is organizing a workshop on “Sharing Data from Molecular Simulations”. This event will be located at the Rönnerberga Konferens center on Lidingö island (Sweden) from the 25th to the 27th of November. The goal of this workshop is to define best practices to share data from molecular simulations, with potential extensions to related methods in computational biology/chemistry. This workshop will unite academics from multiple countries and disciplines, as well as scientists from organizations promoting software development and open science. Together, we hope to define new and better ways to share data, and propose guidelines for researchers who are interested in disseminating data and codes generated by their research."

abstract_short = "BioExcel is organizing a workshop on “Sharing Data from Molecular Simulations”. This event will be located at the Rönnerberga Konferens center on Lidingö island (Sweden) from the 25th to the 27th of November."

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Molecular Dynamics Data Sharing"
event_url = "https://bioexcel.eu/events/workshop-on-sharing-data-from-molecular-simulations/"

# Location of event.
location = "Stockholm, Sweden"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["Molecular Dynamics"]

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references 
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Molecular Dynamics"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "slides.com"
url_slides = ""
url_video = "video.com"
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
